I would like to invite you. What do you think you are?
That is, with Boss Xiao here, how can I make you smile?
What group of properties does this hotel belong to?
Isn’t this asking without knowing why?
Who wouldn’t let this be the property of our boss Xiao, Xiao Jianshan, and the Xiao Group?
What do you think makes this kind of person angry?
He was so ignorant that he didn't even know who he was.
I don’t know how he died!
Just be from the Xiao Group. I have a document here,
I want to talk to you alone.
Will I show it to you alone?
I'd rather take a look
What documents did he take out?
Can you save the dog's life?
Shaw Group
Economic documents submitted to Xiao Group
I've told you why you have it
It is Xiao Group and
Cooperation documents of Xiao Group
that must be
senior management
can only be seen
who are you
Tell me, I am Mrs. Sun of the Jiang family
He definitely doesn't believe it
Will he defeat Jiang Mingran?
There are handfuls
haven't you heard
The company wants to parachute a management policy
are you
It's Manager Lin from the new store in the Human Resources Department. That's right. I was right.
Are you really the manager of the new store of the Vanishing Group?
Why are you dressed like a waiter?
And I heard that Manager Lin is a man. It seems
The company's confidentiality work is done well, yes yes
Not even my gender was revealed.
So more aggressive
Because of the company
Appeared recently
Some officials are corrupt
Destroyed company and people’s livelihood
Companies that are short-circuiting public funds
That’s why I deliberately lurked like this
Come here to investigate yes yes yes
Mr. Yao, you did a good job.
Manager Lin, please listen to my explanation.
That's not what happened